I don't know how I don't know when but
wait and you'll see I will be part of
your world
welcome to Scotland
Pablo faith it's a coincidence
so what when we get that is it
sea-facing
yeah can I see it
you'll open it I do when I was at school
a teacher fell in love with one other
pupils memory first ie from me secret is
safe with me but I do only now I go out
when they had to leave did they leave
together
yeah they won a massive fine I'm
pregnant
okay they will lock me up I will go to
prison for Robinson yes I'm a teacher
for God's sake it's illegal
[Music]
Olivia so then leave her be with me they
school with me I will do you ever think
about the future about yeah and you
gotta have my baby I'm not I want the
baby I really want God's sake
faith this isn't a dream this is real
this is my life same hotel exact same
how Cisco
I came here with eight I brought me what
are you talking about there
[Music]
you